>> Marcy Sutton: There are so
many JavaScript frameworks, though.
We're gonna talk about React,
I've got some Vanilla JavaScript in here.
But there's a lot of other frameworks,
and what's the joke,
there's a new JavaScript framework
every six hours or something?
So there's React, Ember, Angular,
Polymer, for the Web components crowd,
Vue, Svelte, and Vanilla,
which just means there's no framework.
But really, people don't care
what framework you've used.
Users just wanna use your site, they don't
care about the JavaScript framework flame
wars or anything like that.
And I have Elmo shrugging
because the average user is not
worried about how your application
was built, they just wanna use it.
So kind of keeping that end-user goal
in mind is something that we should
think about.
And I found through user research and
user testing that responsive design
is really good for accessibility.
I mean, this is something that's
been written about before,
I think I already intuitively knew that.
But I got a good reminder when I watched
a low vision user use screen magnification
on some prototypes that I'd made that
were not built for responsive design.
So they didn't have a meta viewport tag,
and they were just meant for the desktop.
And I watched this person zoom in on these
interfaces, and it was pretty difficult.
They were having to
horizontally scroll and
figure out where these
patterns were going.
So if you can design your layouts
to be mobile/single-column layouts,
it's actually really helpful for
accessibility.
And I've heard it from multiple people
with disabilities that say that they
prefer mobile sites because
they're streamlined.
They have less clutter,
less information, they're often simpler.
And so
that can be a really helpful tool for
you as you're creating these layouts and
things, so keep that in mind.